No, that's not it.
My grandma does run a rice cake shop.
Isn't the ANSP director
the one trying to kill us all?
Yeong-ro's such a murderer's daughter?
That's so creepy!
This must be why she didn't tell you.
Don't you think?
Are you taking her side
since you're an ANSP spy?
Eun Yeong-ro.
Listen carefully.
My brother used to weigh 78kg,
but after a month
of being locked up in the ANSP,
he's now 50kg.
He was so ashamed that he'd given in
that he blamed himself
and went insane in the end.
The head of those
who strive to torture innocent people
is her father?
Yes.
The one who gives them incentives
to encourage them to dedicate themselves
to their country and people
must be her dad.
Hey.
Your dad's trying to kill us all
even when you're in here?
Of course not.
He must be trying
to save only his daughter.
He's the powerful ANSP director after all.
That's obvious.
Eun Yeong-ro.
Don't you
ever come into our room.
Let's go, girls.
-And she gets a scholarship?
-She's really something.
-She's really scary.
-What an amazing dad you've got.
How could you lie about such--
What's the use of talking to such a liar?
I'm disappointed, Yeong-ro.
Yeong-ro. I can't believe that's true.
There's no one to trust in this world.
She's so creepy.
I really thought
you were a nice person.
How could you fool us all this time?
How could you…
How could you lie to me too?
Seol-hui.
Are you okay?
I'm… I'm fine.
It's true I've kept it from them
that I'm the ANSP director's daughter.
And it's true that my dad did bad things.
They're just on edge
with all they've been going through.
They will understand you
someday.
Thank you.